for half an hour at least udinese-sampdoria does not even seem a serial game
if one fights in spite of the harsh climate one of those summer friendly ones
run team and amateurs with udinese in the sparring egg
partner
the hosts are linkin park approximate places
the samp instead has a pair of attackers that seem to play together
a handful of games have been on the air for a lifetime
roberto mancini opens the dances after 5 minutes on the development of a ball
trivially lost by heat too tempting opportunity to pass up
vincenzo montella, on the other hand, does not need the involuntary collaboration of others
his neck builds does not finalize on his own with such a beautiful left from
leave as hypnotized as you
2 to 0 after 10 minutes and zaccheroni that uses the first fish change a
very angry, yearnings and intrigues
shoes stylosophy cataract
a problem of interdiction midfield since I'm completing we knew
go gu this adequately a corrective favor
their protests part 1 of
you are no longer dangerous. to say. uu
there isn't even if I feel so much
a quality player of people of pdl meteo.it homepage vodafone
such as
if you ask me for sure.
I have whores please
not even the time to register the change of the mold strikes again
this time the olbia bosses inadvertently give the action
blucerchiata the terminal of the maneuver needless to say is still he roberto
mancini
friuli's freezing public improvises an authentic concert by
whistles
interrupted at the twenty-third by the goal of love that apparently reopens the
game
the umpteenth defensive mistake of giannichedda this time
however he re-hunts Udine in hell on the desperate exit of left-handed tucci
signs the third goal of the thirty-seventh day pregnant in 15 years of series a
goals that will nevertheless fail to put him back in the running for the
national
answered Modena Giampaolo
number there was not always world through a dog on the balcony
there is not even time to write down a marking that is already the result
change
sleep of the straight sampdoria defense with chickpeas, roe deer flights
6 goals in the first half is a single consideration
evicted ruthless defenses stutters the difference makes the midfield of
samp more likely to press and relaunch the maneuver
and it's not over
in the amorous recovery it confirms to be substance and not only fantasy
South America
his gogool from the Udine area that even touches the draw with today
to close the accounts the press must resort once again to Vincenzo
montella 9 packages 9 games
Zaccheroni pays tribute to the merits of Aversani but at the same time to the microphone
of right linen makes self-criticism
true your pc, as it started
when you come back built-in the ideal cinema is back and in any case it had
truchhi first responsible
of a negative result the final rigor brought by amorous is
transformed by way
does not deceive anyone the de facto game is already over a 5 to 4 son of
individual prowess and unforgivable mistakes for erikson is okay
it looks like a small bench
we won would have been maximum fortuzzi mom
field and had
inside this game because we have done everything